---
layout: post
title:  Even more site updates
date:   <2023-07-14>
categories: news
author: 1oolm
comments: true
---
More work. I should honestly be working on stuff like the game, but this is a nice change of pace.

Today I:
- Further cleaned up the footer area, adding most of our social links + the GitHub source repo. <font color="#AAAAAA">(also added the page render time)</font>
- Added text scrolling (typewriter) to the randomised home message
- Added //<font color="#DDDDDD">THE LINE</font>// into most pages to separate the title and content.
- Updated all up posts up to now so they include a comment section
- Removed Twitter. &#128151; <br> <font color="#AAAAAA">(specifically the Twitter link in the socials section. It's not done + idk if i wanna even use it..)</font>
- Learned we can keep the &copy; on the footer. [The US Patent and Trademark Office says so.](https://www.uspto.gov/ip-policy/copyright-policy/copyright-basics)
<br>    
<blockquote><font size="3">While many people believe that you must register your work with the U.S. Copyright Office before you can claim a copyright, no registration or other action in the Copyright Office is required to secure a copyright. A copyright is secured automatically when the work is created, as long as the work contains a sufficient degree of originality, and a work comes into being when it is fixed in a &quot;copy or a phonorecord for the first time.&quot; This is consistent with the Berne Convention, which states that the &quot;enjoyment and exercise&quot; of copyright &quot;shall not be subject to any formality.&quot;</font></blockquote>

tl;dr Copyright can be applied when a work is first created, provided it's original enough. <br>
I know you ain't readin' allat.